Thanks hit man you enjoy watching my
stream thanks a lot man do you actually
get stalker when your crank cuz I don't
know this is this I don't really like
this game type because people just hide
you know and I'm not gonna I'm going and
crank I'm gonna change my whole load out
like hmm whatever island loves me Thank
You killer lady killer lady
I'm cranked I'll mowing that crack rock
let me go this way I'm crank
uh I got stuck I hate getting stuck I'm
just running around crazy I gotta stop
running around crazy but I don't care
I'm on that crack rock
I know you is crank but you ain't crank
no mal Bok stock
stock
ah
I'm on that crack rock
I'm correct I'm andhika a crock
I'm on that crack rock I'm correct
come on bitches we all that I'm cranked
crack rock
back dog where are you fucking slow ass
dog at least you got a kill
crack rock
fuck my dog is a pussy
a double kill you should get double
crank
crack rock I don't like your dog I don't
care give me a dog give me a dog my dog
is a beast I'm cranked crack rock
get him doggie keep me cranked keep me
crank doggie as long as my dog keeps me
cranked
I'm crank I'm on that crack rock
okay let me read what you just wrote
this score system went back to modern
warfare 3 way what I like it better like
this I like killstreaks I know you meant
why I think but you know
yo dick the dog is so fucking slow like
I believe in my dog BAM I don't know if
the market Jay by the ps4 you know I
don't buy a system because somebody else
got it not my cup of tea this score
system went back to modern warfare 3 way